[Music]
micromax is gearing up to launch a new
mid-range smartphone the canvas 4 plus
as the handset is now available via a
couple of e-commerce websites Christ
adders 16,000 750 no announcements have
been made by micromax about the official
launch of the canvas 4 plus as per te
commerce cyclus things the micromax
canvas 4 plus a 315 features dual sim
gsm + gsm support and runs on droid 4
dot 4 dot to get cat out of the box it
comes with a 5-inch HD 720 X 1280 pixel
to leave display and is powered by a 17
GHz octa core MediaTek mt6589 giddy of
ram and Molly 450 GPU the smartphone
sports the 13 megapixel autofocus rear
camera along with LED flash support and
there is a 5 megapixel front-facing
camera also on board it supports an
additional expansion via Michael's card
up to 32gb depart from the 16gb of
inbuilt storage connectivity options on
the handset include 3g Wi-Fi bluetooth
GPR / edge geo PS and microUSB it also
comes with a G sensor proximity sensor
and an ambient light sensor the canvas 4
plus packs are 2000 map battery the
smartphone is available in white and
gold color only at ebay and Infibeam
notably Infibeam is selling the canvas 4
plus thinners 16,000 999 while he bade
has a discounted price tag of dars
16,000 750 micromax taking a big leap
forward launched its first google
partnered Android one smartphone in
India called micromax canvas a one
micromax's first on droid one hand set
is on sale and black
white colour variants exclusively via
amazon price thinners 6,000 499